README.md, before:

# TweetUp

**TweetUp** is a social media platform designed for users to share their thoughts and ideas with the world. It allows users to post tweets, view tweets from others, and interact with the content posted by others. Users can register, log in, and manage their own posts. Built using Django, this platform features user authentication, tweet creation, editing, and deletion functionalities.

## Features

- **User Registration & Authentication**: 
  - Users can register for an account and log in securely.
  - Passwords are securely hashed using Django’s built-in user authentication system.
  
- **Tweet Creation**: 
  - Authenticated users can post tweets with text and an optional image.
  
- **Tweet Editing**: 
  - Users can edit their own tweets after posting them.
  
- **Tweet Deletion**: 
  - Users can delete their own tweets from the platform.
  
- **Tweet List**: 
  - A timeline where all tweets from the users are displayed, sorted by creation date.
  
- **Search Functionality**: 
  - Users can search for tweets containing specific keywords or text.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- Django 5.x
- SQLite (default database used by Django)
- Git (to clone the repository)

### Steps to Run the Project

1. **Clone the Repository**

   Clone the project to your local machine by running:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kaaliharsh/TweetUp.git


- **For more details**: 
- harshdeepgupta2002@gmail.com

Commit message:

dark/light mode theme feature done in readme

README.md, after:

# TweetUp

**TweetUp** is a social media platform designed for users to share their thoughts and ideas with the world. It allows users to post tweets, view tweets from others, and interact with the content posted by others. Users can register, log in, and manage their own posts. Built using Django, this platform features user authentication, tweet creation, editing, and deletion functionalities.

## Features

- **User Registration & Authentication**: 
  - Users can register for an account and log in securely.
  - Passwords are securely hashed using Django’s built-in user authentication system.
  
- **Tweet Creation**: 
  - Authenticated users can post tweets with text and an optional image.
  
- **Tweet Editing**: 
  - Users can edit their own tweets after posting them.
  
- **Tweet Deletion**: 
  - Users can delete their own tweets from the platform.
  
- **Tweet List**: 
  - A timeline where all tweets from the users are displayed, sorted by creation date.
  
- **Search Functionality**: 
  - Users can search for tweets containing specific keywords or text.

- **Dark/Light Mode theme**: 
  - Users can change the theme into dark or light mode according to their requirement.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.8 or higher
- Django 5.x
- SQLite (default database used by Django)
- Git (to clone the repository)

### Steps to Run the Project

1. **Clone the Repository**

   Clone the project to your local machine by running:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kaaliharsh/TweetUp.git


- **For more details**: 
- harshdeepgupta2002@gmail.com
